---
title: Introduction
description: Welcome to BlueScript.
---

## What is BlueScript?

BlueScript is an open-source project designed to help individuals with dyslexia. Its name combines two elements: "Blue," symbolizing positive change, and "Script," representing letters or text. This project goes beyond traditional linguistic approaches by employing neuroscience methodologies to provide effective training for those with dyslexia.

To ensure individuals with dyslexia can freely access training anywhere, BlueScript has been developed as a web application. This application offers a variety of training modules aimed at strengthening neural connections in the brain, addressing inefficiencies caused by dyslexia.

### The Beginnings of BlueScript: Suh Jae

This project was initiated by [Suh Jae](https://github.com/SuhJae), who experienced the challenges and pain of dyslexia during childhood. Struggling with slow reading speed and limited literacy, Suh Jae worked tirelessly to overcome these difficulties. Thankfully, training received during middle school helped improve his reading skills. However, this experience left a profound understanding of how difficult dyslexia is to overcome for many people.

Motivated by his personal journey, Suh Jae developed **BlueScript** with the goal of alleviating the struggles faced by others with dyslexia. He recognized that the financial burden often makes overcoming dyslexia inaccessible for many. This realization led to his determination to create a free training program for dyslexia, offering people an opportunity to overcome it without economic constraints.

## An Open-Source Project

BlueScript is an open-source project that anyone can use and contribute to for free. Both users and developers are encouraged to participate in improving the training programs. Currently, BlueScript is available in nine languages, with ongoing bug fixes and UI enhancements ([BlueScript GitHub](https://github.com/BlueScript-NPO)).

## Training Modules

BlueScript provides a variety of training modules designed to stimulate the brain’s neurons and enhance reading skills for individuals with dyslexia. The main training modules include:

1. [**Rapid Visual Perception**](/docs/training/visual/rapid-visual-perception): A training module where users quickly recognize and input letters displayed briefly on the screen.
2. [**Sequential Visual Memory**](/docs/training/visual/sequential-visual-memory): A module where letters are displayed one at a time, and users must remember and input them.
3. [**Character Sequencing**](/docs/training/visual/character-sequencing): Training that involves identifying and inputting letters in a specified order.
4. [**Character Matching**](/docs/training/visual/character-matching): A module where users identify letters matching a given prompt among visually similar characters.
5. [**Character Guesstimate**](/docs/training/visual/character-guesstimate): A module where letters gradually appear, and users must predict and input them as quickly as possible.

These modules are designed to stimulate the brain in various ways, ensuring users remain engaged and do not become desensitized to repeated stimuli.
